Adding a Running Tests pages (#2124)
kubeshop/tracetest: docs/docs/cli/running-tests.md

        "results": [
          {
            "assertion": "attr:tracetest.span.duration \u003c 20ms",
            "spanResults": [
              {
                "error": "no match",
                "observedValue": "22ms",
                "spanId": "1755c8fc14905bd1"
              },
              {
                "observedValue": "574us",
                "passed": true,
                "spanId": "c41f9b8f49f6eb32"
              },
              {
                "observedValue": "1ms",
                "passed": true,
                "spanId": "48bef78ad4b3c3ab"
              }
            ]
          }
        ],
        "selector": {
          "query": "span[tracetest.span.type=\"database\" db.system=\"postgresql\"]",
          "structure": [
            {
              "filters": [
                {
                  "operator": "=",
                  "property": "tracetest.span.type",
                  "value": "database"
                },
                {
                  "operator": "=",
                  "property": "db.system",
                  "value": "postgresql"
                }
              ]
            }
          ]
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

> You can also opt to output the result as junit to a file. You would run the command with a -j option and a file name, ie:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also opt to output the result as JUnit to a file. You would run the command with a -j option and a file name, ie:
```

```
tracetest test run -d path/to/test.yaml -w -j junit.out
```

> The junit output file would then contain the junit result, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JUnit output file would then contain the JUnit result, for example:
```

                <testcase name="attr:tracetest.response.status = 200"></testcase>
        </testsuite>
        <testsuite name="span[tracetest.span.type=&#34;http&#34; name=&#34;HTTP GET pokeapi.pokemon&#34; http.method=&#34;GET&#34;]" tests="1" failures="0" errors="0" skipped="0">
                <testcase name="attr:http.response.body| json_path &#39;$.name&#39; = &#34;diglett&#34;"></testcase>
        </testsuite>
        <testsuite name="span[tracetest.span.type=&#34;database&#34; db.system=&#34;postgresql&#34;]" tests="3" failures="1" errors="0" skipped="0">
                <testcase name="attr:tracetest.span.duration &lt; 20ms">
                        <failure type="attr:tracetest.span.duration &lt; 20ms" message="21ms"></failure>
                </testcase>
                <testcase name="attr:tracetest.span.duration &lt; 20ms"></testcase>
                <testcase name="attr:tracetest.span.duration &lt; 20ms"></testcase>
        </testsuite>
</testsuites>
```

## Running a Test That Uses Environment Variables

There are two ways of referencing an environment when running a test. 

> You can reference an existing environment using it's id by running. For example, given this defined environment with an id of 'testenv':

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can reference an existing environment using its id. For example, given this defined environment with an id of 'testenv':
```

![testenv](../img/show-environment-definition.png)

We can run a test and specify that environment with this command:
```
tracetest test run -d path/to/test.yaml -e testenv -w
```

> You can also reference an .env file which will be used to create a new environment or updating an existing one. For example, if you have a .env file named local.env with this content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also reference an .env file which will be used to create a new environment or update an existing one. For example, if you have a .env file named local.env with this content:
```

```
POKEID=45
POKENAME=vileplume
```

tracetest test run -d path/to/test.yaml -e path/to/local.env -w

> If you use the .env approach, a new environment will be created in Tracetest if it does not exist where the environment name and id will be the file name without the suffix .env. So, local.env becomes local.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the .env approach, a new environment will be created in Tracetest. If it does not exist, the environment name and id will be the file name without the suffix .env. So, local.env becomes local.
```

> The second approach is very useful if you are running tests from a CI pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second approach is very useful if you are running tests from a CI pipeline.
```
